This is the Common Sense Documentation Contributor Agreement:

0) Venues:
   Contributions = https://github.com/csdexter/coredump/pulls
   Discussions/Proposals = https://github.com/csdexter/coredump/issues

1) You have to accept and abide by these terms if you wish to submit any
   contributions to the documentation in your own name.
2) The author has the final say on whether your contribution will be accepted
   or not, in part or in whole, in the original form authored by you or in an
   altered form created by the author.
   2a) You have the right to due process and the author will endeavor to
       perform a thorough review of all contributions before making a decision.
   2b) If (a) changes are deemed necessary by the author to your contribution
       or (b) the author intends to reject your contribution outright, the
       author will provide objective justification for their actions.
   2c) The response SLA governing the processing of submitted contributions is
       one business day, as it applies in the respective locales of the author
       and the contributor.
3) Credit for any accepted contribution works like so:
   3a) You may elect to forward your suggestions to the author and not make the
       contribution in your own name. In this case, you may elect to (a) be
       credited without reference to the nature of your contribution or (b) not
       be credited at all (i.e. make an anonymous contribution).
   3b) You may elect make the contribution in your name. In this case, you may
       elect to (a) be credited with a full reference to the nature of your
       contribution or (b) not be credited at all (i.e. make an anonymous
       contribution).
   3c) Crediting applies to the Credits chapter of the documentation. Various
       systems and instrumentation may keep a (possibly public) record of who
       proposed what regardless of the final contents of said chapter.
   3d) If, as part of its organic evolution, a fragment of the documentation
       which represents a previously accepted contribution is subsequently
       completely removed, the corresponding credit will endure.
4) All accepted contributions become part of the documentation and any
   rights that may have been associated with them pass to the author, with the
   sole exception of the right to be credited, if made use of, according to 3b)
   above.
5) In order to be considered for inclusion, a contribution must:
   5a) be written in the academic style of the language of the documentation
       version involved. This includes textbook-perfect spelling, grammar and
       syntax as a matter of course.
   5b) be on point with the issue discussed at its proposed insertion point in
       the documentation.
   5c) be authored by an entity posessing a degree and a kind of generic
       intelligence similar to that usually encountered amongst the members of
       Homo sapiens (i.e. ChatGPT is just not good enough).
   5d) represent a valuable addition to or amendment of the documentation as a
       whole.
